Documentation v4.76.0 (#34943)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/getting-started/building-fleet.md

> Note: you can customize the DB Docker image via the environment variables FLEET_MYSQL_IMAGE and FLEET_MYSQL_PLATFORM. For example:
> - To run in macOS M1+, set FLEET_MYSQL_PLATFORM=linux/arm64/v8

> > - To test with MariaDB, set FLEET_MYSQL_IMAGE to mariadb:11.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - To test with MariaDB, set FLEET_MYSQL_IMAGE to mariadb:10.6 or the like (note MariaDB is not officially supported).
```
